[ST-404] Add "What is a Target?" section to Product Docs (#465)
cobalthq/cobalt-product-public-docs: content/en/Platform Deep Dive/Scans/_index.md

linkTitle: "DAST Scanner"
weight: 50
description: >

>   DAST Scanner - Web Application Vulnerability Scanning

Reviewer: My bad, I deleted an important syntax while resolving a conflict
```suggestion
  DAST Scanner - Web Application Vulnerability Scanning
  ---
```

Scans address these challenges head-on. By combining the power of PtaaS with DAST, you gain a comprehensive solution for continuously assessing risk.

> To get started with Scans, you will need to add a target. Every Cobalt Customer has access to one target for free unlimited scanning. Additional targets can be purchased. Learn more about [targets](/platform-deep-dive/scans/targets).

Reviewer: This statement will not be true if we publish it now. Should we keep this change until GA?

Author: These documentation changes are part of the GA release, so I won't merge any of it until it's approved to do so.

We use the following IP Address to make requests to your target: **52.19.40.38**

## How to Use Scans

[Watch the how-to video here.](https://videos.cobalt.io/watch/4D8kQcTmPBE3HdWy6X3fHW)

> ### Add a Target

Reviewer 2: Should this go into `targets.md` ?

Author: I think we can just link the Targets page within the Scans how-to, so that we don't break up the instructions.

The DAST Scanner addresses these challenges head-on. By combining the power of PtaaS with DAST, you gain a comprehensive solution for continuously assessing risk.

To get started with the DAST Scanner, you will need to add a target. Every Cobalt Customer has access to one target for free unlimited scanning. Additional targets can be purchased. Learn more about [targets](/platform-deep-dive/scans/targets).

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
We use the following IP Address to make requests to your target: **52.19.40.38**
{{% /alert %}}

## How to Use the DAST Scanner

<!-- TODO: update this video -->
[Watch the how-to video here.](https://videos.cobalt.io/watch/4D8kQcTmPBE3HdWy6X3fHW)

### Add a Target

> - To add a [target](/platform-deep-dive/scans/targets), select the plus button

Reviewer: I updated the screenshots and missed this line. We no longer have a plus button.
So maybe something like
```suggestion
- To add a [target](/platform-deep-dive/scans/targets), click the Add Target button.
```

For instance, with a target of `https://example.com`, the scan would cover `https://example.com/app1` but not `https://app2.example.com`. Essentially, the scanner examines URLs beginning with "example.com."

### Examples of DAST Targets:

- **URLs:** These are the most common targets, representing individual web pages or sections within an application:

  - `https://www.example.com`: Top-level domain hosting the application

  - `https://example.com/blog`: Sub-folder or sub-section within the application

  - `https://admin.example.com`: Subdomain hosting a separate application

- **APIs:** Applications often use APIs for communication, and DAST can identify vulnerabilities like unauthorized access or data leaks:

  - `https://api.us.example.com`: Internal API hosted on a subdomain

  - `https://api.eu.example.com`: Separate API instance hosted independently

> - **Forms:** DAST can assess the security of login forms, registration pages, and other input fields against attacks like SQL injection or cross-site scripting:

Reviewer: In essence, the form URL is not different from subfolders in the first section like `https://example.com/blog`? Does it have to be highlighted in a separate section?

Author: @eugenerevzin what are your thoughts?

Reviewer 3: @mtsuji-cobalt - Would it be difficult to make this it's own page, under the Scans section?  The content looks great, but marketing team wanted to see if we could do it standalone for easier linking.

Author: @eugenerevzin we can create a new page but this section also does have a direct link via `platform-deep-dive/scans/#what-is-a-dast-target`

![Add Target](/deepdive/scans/2_AddTarget.png "Add Target")<br>

### Authentication

> 

Reviewer 2: Having headers breaks the enumeration (`3. ` next line), maybe we should take the enumeration away?
